Add info about replacing a faulty cluster (#1909)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.14/guides/clustering.md

ETCD_INITIAL_CLUSTER_STATE="existing"
{{< /highlight >}}

#### Replace a faulty cluster member

Run [`sensuctl cluster health`][17] to check for faulty cluster members. For faulty cluster members, the `Error` column will include an error message and the `Healthy` column will list `false`. Replace faulty cluster members to restore the cluster's health. 

> To replace a faulty cluster member, make sure to change the `etcd-initial-cluster-state` to `existing` in the configuration. This example store configuration shows `backend-3` as the faulty cluster.

Reviewer: So we'll need to add some commands above on how to remove the faulty member as well, as this section is all about how to replace a fault member.

This page already has those commands above. We'll probably want to show a faulty member using `sensuctl cluster member-list`, then the command to remove it `sensuctl cluster member-remove 2f7ae42c315f8c2d`. From there, we can talk about adding the new one and call out that the below configuration is for the new member only.

We can pair up and go over this more a bit later if needed with 5.15 the priority at the moment

Author: @rgeniesse your explanation makes sense. Let me try to fix it and see what you think. Thank you!

Removed member 2f7ae42c315f8c2d from cluster
{{< /highlight >}}

### Replace a faulty cluster member

Here's how to replace a faulty cluster member to restore a cluster's health.

First, run `sensuctl cluster health` to identify the faulty cluster member.
For a faulty cluster member, the `Error` column will include an error message and the `Healthy` column will list `false`.

In this example, cluster member `backend-4` is faulty:

{{< highlight shell >}}
sensuctl cluster health

       ID            Name                          Error                           Healthy  
────────────────── ─────────── ─────────────────────────────────────────────────── ─────────
a32e8f613b529ad4   backend-1                                                        true
c3d9f4b8d0dd1ac9   backend-2                                                        true
c8f63ae435a5e6bf   backend-3                                                        true
2f7ae42c315f8c2d   backend-4  dial tcp 10.0.0.4:2379: connect: connection refused   false

{{< /highlight >}}

> Second, delete the faulty cluster member. To continue this example, you will delete cluster member `backend-4`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Second, delete the faulty cluster member. To continue this example, you will delete cluster member `backend-4` using its ID field:
```

{{< highlight shell >}}
sensuctl cluster member-remove 2f7ae42c315f8c2d

Removed member 2f7ae42c315f8c2d from cluster
{{< /highlight >}}

> Third, add the faulty cluster member back to the cluster. Make sure to change the `etcd-initial-cluster-state` to `existing` in the configuration.

Reviewer: I am not quite sure of the language to use here, but we don't want to say "add the faulty cluster member back". While it is true you can use the same name, same IP for the new cluster member, in practice that server will be completely different; the old one is gone as there is something wrong with it.

So we need something along the lines of "Third, add a newly made server to the cluster. It can be named the same as the faulty one, with the same IP address and mostly the same configuration. Before adding, make sure to change the `etcd-initial-cluster-state` to `existing` in the `backend.yaml` configuration file."

> Third, add the faulty cluster member back to the cluster. Make sure to change the `etcd-initial-cluster-state` to `existing` in the configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
Third, add a newly created member to the cluster. You can use the same name and IP address as the faulty member you deleted, with one change to the configuration: specify the `etcd-initial-cluster-state` as `existing`.
```

Author: @rgeniesse what do you think of this revision?

Reviewer: Looks great @hillaryfraley
